run commands on github (#7)
Akuli/git-guide: README.md

Run `python3 run_commands.py` after editing the commands in a `.md` file.
It will run the commands you wrote and put the output back to the markdown files.
This way, the commands in markdown files look as if they were written to a terminal.
If you are like me, you are using an older Git version than GitHub Actions,

> and the output differs from what CI expect it to be;

Author: ```suggestion
and the output differs from what GitHub actions expects it to be;
```
